###Reference for Directory Paths

When the `otone_client` is called as a python script (`python otone_client.py`),
the `sys.frozen` attribute does not exist. This triggers a conditional branch in `otone_client.py` that sets the directory path for saving calibrations, logfile, etc in an otone_data folder in the directory that `otone_client.py` was called from.

On the other hand, when the `otone_client` is called as a Unix or Windows executable, the `sys.frozen` attribute is set, triggering the other branch of this conditional. This by default sets the path to save the calibrations and logfile to the directory the client was called from. However, the directory that `otone_client` lives in actually becomes expanded into a full `otone_backend` project directory by pyinstaller (think of the executable being a pseudo-folder, like a .app file on macOS). This full directory is only a temporary directory, and so any data saved here is destroyed when the app is closed. Because of this, we override the path to save the calibration and logfile to when you pass an argument to the executable. The Electron frontend will pass this argument by default.

In summary - when you run the app by launching the backend through the frontend (i.e., double clicking the .app/.exe or running `electron .`), the data will be saved to the app's root directory under `otone_data`, as the frontend passes in the correct path of the Electron app to the backend. If you run the backend as a standalone service and it is an executable, then you should pass it a filepath of where you want your data to be logged, as otherwise it will be logged to the folder the `otone_client` is in, which is a temporary folder that is destroyed when the client process is killed. If you run it as a python script (`python otone_client.py`), it should log fine without any command line arguments.
